the secret to any tasteful kitchen is of
course quality ingredients start by
measuring the space you want to fill
select a nice juicy rack of cabinets and
cut them into more manageable sizes
pre-cut white shelves are both
affordable and tasty
but a little marinade really brings out
the flavor if you like it hot like me
add some red doors for that extra spice
for warm lighting you'll want to
separate the white from the yellow
a bit of seasoning mmm holds all the
flavors together
voila
garnish with tea towels and remember to
wash your hands before serving now try
your own recipe with our new
customizable matured kitchens you'll
find all the ingredients in the 2016
ikea catalogue or as i like to call it
the ikea cookbook